.TH SHERLOCK "1" "OUT 2022" "SHERLOCK 0.14.2" "Find usernames across social networks"
.RS
.SH NAME
\fBsherlock \fP - Find usernames across social networks
.SH SYNOPSIS
.nf
.fam C
\fBsherlock\fP [\fIPOSITION\fP] [\fIargument\fP]
.fam T
.fi
.fam T
.fi
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBsherlock\fP relies on the site's designers providing a unique URL for a registered
.PP
username. To determine if a username is available, Sherlock queries that URL, and
.PP
uses to response to understand if there is a claimed username already there.
.PP
Currently, the tool is capable of locating users on more than 300 social networks:
.PP
Apple Developer, Arduino, Docker Hub, GitHub, GitLab, Facebook, BitCoinForum, CNET,
.PP
IFTTT, Instagram, PlayStore, PyPI, Scribd, Telegram,TikTok, Tinder etc.
.SH USAGE
usage: \fBsherlock\fP [\fB-h\fP] [\fB--version\fP] [\fB--verbose\fP] [\fB--folderoutput\fP FOLDEROUTPUT]
.PP
.nf
.fam C
                [--output OUTPUT] [--tor] [--unique-tor] [--csv]

                [--site SITE_NAME] [--proxy PROXY_URL] [--json JSON_FILE]

                [--timeout TIMEOUT] [--print-all] [--print-found] [--no-color]

                [--browse] [--local]

                USERNAMES [USERNAMES \.\.\.]

.fam T
.fi
positional arguments: USERNAMES
.PP
.nf
.fam C
                     One or more usernames to check with social networks.

                     Check similar usernames using {%} (replace to '_', '-', '.').

.fam T
.fi
.SH OPTIONS
optional arguments:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
 -h, --help                  Show this help message and exit.

 --version                   Display version information and dependencies.

 --verbose, -v, -d, --debug  Display extra debugging information and metrics.

 --folderoutput FOLDEROUTPUT, -fo FOLDEROUTPUT
                             If using multiple usernames, the output of the results will be
                             saved to this folder.

 --output OUTPUT, -o OUTPUT
                             If using single username, the output of the result will be saved
                             to this file.

 --tor, -t                   Make requests over Tor; increases runtime; requires Tor to be
                             installed and in system path.

 --unique-tor, -u            Make requests over Tor with new Tor circuit after each request;
                             increases runtime; requires Tor to be installed and in system
                             path.

 --csv                       Create Comma-Separated Values (CSV) File.

 --xlsx                      Create the standard file for the modern Microsoft Excel
                             spreadsheet (xslx).

 --site SITE_NAME            Limit analysis to just the listed sites. Add multiple options to
                             specify more than one site.

 --proxy PROXY_URL, -p  PROXY_URL
                             Make requests over a proxy. e.g. socks5://127.0.0.1:1080

 --json JSON_FILE, -j JSON_FILE
                             Load data from a JSON file or an online, valid, JSON file.

 --timeout TIMEOUT           Time (in seconds) to wait for response to requests (Default: 60)

 --print-all                 Output sites where the username was not found.

 --print-found               Output sites where the username was found.

 --no-color                  Don't color terminal output.

 --browse, -b                Browse to all results on default browser.

 --local, -l                 Force the use of the local data.json file.


.fam T
.fi
.SH EXAMPLES
To search for only one user:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
                       a)python3 sherlock user123

.fam T
.fi
To search for more than one user:
.PP
.nf
.fam C
                       b) python3 sherlock user1 user2 user3

.fam T
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
Take a look at https://\fBsherlock\fP-project.github.io/ for information on how to use.
.SH AUTHOR
Sherlock Project https://github.com/\fBsherlock\fP-project/\fBsherlock\fP/issues
.PP
Josenilson Ferreira da Silva <nilsonfsilva@hotmail.com> Created this
.PP
manpage generated automatically by txt2man to generate the manual file.
